Document `skipObject` argument (#7851)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/template_functions.adoc

[#skipObject]
=== _skipObject_

> The `skipObject` function is only available in managed cluster templates in a `ConfigurationPolicy` resource. Calling `{{ skipObject }}` at any time inside a Go template signals to skip that particular object for the policy. When you use the `skipObject` with the `objectSelector`, you can further filter objects selected by name. `skipObject` can be either called by itself inside a conditional or with an optional boolean argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `skipObject` function is only available in managed cluster templates in a `ConfigurationPolicy` resource. Calling `{{ skipObject }}` at any time inside a Go template signals to skip that particular object for the policy. When you use the `skipObject` with the `objectSelector`, you can further filter objects selected by name. You can call `skipObject` by itself inside a conditional or with an optional boolean argument.
```
